[33mRunning flake8...[0m
src/monitoring/metrics_exporter.py:323:9: F841 local variable 'now' is assigned to but never used
src/tasks/backup_tasks.py:25:1: F401 'prometheus_client.Counter' imported but unused
src/tasks/backup_tasks.py:25:1: F401 'prometheus_client.Gauge' imported but unused
src/tasks/backup_tasks.py:25:1: F401 'prometheus_client.Histogram' imported but unused
src/tasks/backup_tasks.py:51:5: F811 redefinition of unused 'Counter' from line 25
src/tasks/backup_tasks.py:51:5: F811 redefinition of unused 'Gauge' from line 25
src/tasks/backup_tasks.py:51:5: F811 redefinition of unused 'Histogram' from line 25
tests/monitoring/test_metrics_exporter.py:9:1: F401 'unittest.mock.patch' imported but unused
tests/test_backup_tasks.py:12:1: F401 'asyncio' imported but unused
tests/test_task_scheduler.py:90:1: F401 'src.tasks.celery_app.app as celery_app' imported but unused
tests/test_task_scheduler.py:180:9: F401 'src.tasks.celery_app.app as test_app' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features.py:16:1: F401 'numpy as np' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features.py:17:1: F401 'pandas as pd' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features.py:20:1: F401 'fastapi.testclient.TestClient' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features.py:22:1: F401 'src.api.features.router' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features.py:23:1: F401 'src.database.models.Match' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features.py:23:1: F401 'src.database.models.Team' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features.py:24:1: F401 'src.utils.response.APIResponse' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_improved.py:14:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_improved.py:14:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_improved.py:22:1: F401 'src.api.features_improved.feature_calculator' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_improved.py:22:1: F401 'src.api.features_improved.feature_store' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_improved_simple.py:5:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:7:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:7:1: F401 'datetime.timedelta' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:177:13: F401 'src.api.features.APIResponse' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:177:13: F401 'src.api.features.FeatureCalculator' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:177:13: F401 'src.api.features.FootballFeatureStore' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:177:13: F401 'src.api.features.Match' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:177:13: F401 'src.api.features.MatchEntity' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:177:13: F401 'src.api.features.Team' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:177:13: F401 'src.api.features.TeamEntity' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_features_simple.py:177:13: F401 'src.api.features.get_async_session' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_health.py:14:1: F401 'asyncio' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_health.py:15:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_health.py:15:1: F401 'datetime.timedelta' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_health.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.AsyncMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_health.py:19:1: F401 'fastapi.HTTPException' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_health.py:23:1: F401 'src.utils.response.APIResponse' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_health.py:430:34: E712 comparison to True should be 'if cond is True:' or 'if cond:'
tests/unit/api/test_health.py:459:48: E712 comparison to False should be 'if cond is False:' or 'if not cond:'
tests/unit/api/test_health_core.py:15:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_health_core.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.AsyncMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_models_core.py:11:1: F401 'json' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_models_core.py:12:1: F401 'datetime.timedelta' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_models_core.py:13:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_models_core.py:13:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_models_core.py:13:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_predictions_core.py:13:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_predictions_core.py:13:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_predictions_core.py:13:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/api/test_predictions_core.py:310:28: F821 undefined name 'update_prediction_feedback'
tests/unit/api/test_predictions_core.py:331:23: F821 undefined name 'update_prediction_feedback'
tests/unit/cache/test_cache_comprehensive.py:22:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
tests/unit/cache/test_cache_manager.py:32:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:14:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:14:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:14:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:14:1: F401 'typing.Optional' imported but unused
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:65:39: W291 trailing whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:178:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:252:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:269:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:311:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:444:74: F841 local variable 'mock_logging' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:455:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:466:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:477:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:494:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/data/test_streaming_collector.py:499:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/database/test_connection_core.py:14:1: F401 'asyncio' imported but unused
tests/unit/database/test_connection_core.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:15:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:15:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:15:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.AsyncMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:196:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:335:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:355:70: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:355:89: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:374:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:427:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:444:69: E226 missing whitespace around arithmetic operator
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:452:21: F841 local variable 'result' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:455:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:458:17: E722 do not use bare 'except'
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:475:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/models/test_prediction_service_core.py:478:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:14:1: F401 'datetime.timedelta' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:15:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:15:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:15:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.AsyncMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:22:1: F401 'src.database.models.raw_data.RawMatchData' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:22:1: F401 'src.database.models.raw_data.RawOddsData' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:22:1: F401 'src.database.models.raw_data.RawScoresData' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing.py:665:9: F841 local variable 'start_time' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing_core.py:14:1: F401 'datetime.timedelta' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing_core.py:15:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing_core.py:15:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing_core.py:15:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing_core.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.AsyncMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing_core.py:16:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing_core.py:18:1: F401 'numpy as np' imported but unused
tests/unit/services/test_data_processing_core.py:494:13: F841 local variable 'test_data' is assigned to but never used
tests/unit/test_metrics_collector.py:12:1: F401 'unittest.mock.MagicMock' imported but unused
make: *** [Makefile:67: lint] Error 1
